Copyediting for Performance Chapter (#335)
HTTPArchive/almanac.httparchive.org: src/content/en/2019/performance.md

</figure>

In Figures 3 and 4 above, the FCP distributions are broken down by desktop and phone. It's subtle, but the torso of the desktop fast FCP distribution appears to be more convex than the distribution for phone users. This visual approximation suggests that desktop users experience a higher overall proportion of fast FCP. To verify this, we can apply the PSI methodology to each distribution.

<figure id="fig5">
<iframe width="600" height="371" seamless frameborder="0" scrolling="no" src="https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/e/2PACX-1vSQlf3_ySLPB5322aTumUZhbVGdaUdkmi1Hs4bYuO3Z1kqM4xspx7REbwXukwPd_tsOSg6oImzpYLM9/pubchart?oid=486448175&amp;format=interactive"></iframe>
<figcaption>Figure 5. Distribution of websites labelled as having fast, moderate, or slow FCP, broken down by device type.</figcaption>
</figure>

According to PSI's classification, 17% of websites have fast FCP experiences overall for desktop users, compared to 11% for mobile users. The entire distribution is skewed to being slightly faster for desktop experiences, with fewer slow websites and more in the fast and moderate category.

> Why might desktop users experience fast FCP on a higher proportion of websites than phone users? We can only speculate, after all, this dataset is meant to answer how the web is performing and not necessarily _why_ it's performing that way. But one guess could be that desktop users are connected to the internet on faster, more reliable networks like WiFi rather than cell towers. To help answer this question, we can also explore how user experiences vary by effective connection type.

Reviewer: We will have already defined ECT by this point, so I think it's ok to use the abbreviation. WDYT?
```suggestion
Why might desktop users experience fast FCP on a higher proportion of websites than phone users? We can only speculate, after all, this dataset is meant to answer how the web is performing and not necessarily _why_ it's performing that way. But one guess could be that desktop users are connected to the internet on faster, more reliable networks like WiFi rather than cell towers. To help answer this question, we can also explore how user experiences vary by ECT.
```
